feature/#634 add Databricks Documentation (#1281)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/advanced_features/3rd party integration/databricks.md

Reviewer: folder names must not contain spaces. please replace with underscores.

# Databricks Integration

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

!!! note "Available in Taipy Enterprise edition"

    This section is relevant only to the [Taipy Enterprise Edition](https://taipy.io/enterprise)
    
    [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

```

## Installation

To use the Databricks integration, you need to install the optional package. You can do this using pip:

```bash
pip install taipy[databricks]
```

## Overview

The Databricks integration provides the following features:

> - **Databricks Task**: A Taipy Task that when it is submitted, will trigger the execution of a job in Databrick Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Databricks Task**: A Taipy Task that triggers a Databricks Workflow when submitted
    for execution.
```

- **Databricks Table Data Node**: A Taipy Data Node that represents a table in Databricks Delta Live Tables database.
- **Databricks SQL Data Node**: A Taipy Data Node that represents a SQL query in Databricks Delta Live Tables database.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: I believe we can remove the titles `configuration`, `Data nodes`, and `Tasks`.
We can directly move up the titles `Databricks Table Data Node`, `Databricks SQL Data Node`, and `Databricks Tasks` as a second-level title (with 2 `#`).

```
## Databricks table data node

... 

## Databricks SQL data node*

... 

## Databricks Task

... 
```

    and writing to the table.<br/>
- _**exposed_type**_ indicates the data type returned when reading the data node (more
    examples of reading from a Databricks Table data node with different *exposed_type* are available
    in the [read/write a data node](data-node-usage.md#databricks-table) documentation):
        - By default, *exposed_type* is "spark", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Spark DataFrame (`pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "pandas", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Pandas DataFrame (`pandas.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "numpy", the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a NumPy array (`numpy.ndarray`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "polars", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Polars DataFrame (`polars.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.

To configure a Databricks SQL data node, use the `configure_databricks_table_data_node` method:

> 
> ```python linenums="1"
> {%
> include-markdown "./code-example/data-node-config/data-node-config_table_databricks.py"
> comments=false
> %}
> ```
> 
> In lines 3-9, we configure a basic Databricks Table data node with the id "historical_temperature".
> The data node will point to the Databricks table "hist_temp". Its *scope* is by
> default `SCENARIO`. The profile to be used is "default" profile with the cluster id is
> "0123-456789-dbscluster2". The exposed type of this data node will be the default value "spark".
> 
> In lines 11-17, we configure another Databricks Table data node with the identifier "log_history".
> It uses the default `SCENARIO` scope again. The Databricks table name is "hist_log". The profile
> and cluster id are similar to the previous Databricks Table data node config. The *exposed_type*
> provided is "polars".

Reviewer: Should we put the following part in an admonition?

```suggestion

!!! example

    ```python linenums="1"
    {%
    include-markdown "./code-example/data-node-config/data-node-config_table_databricks.py"
    comments=false
    %}
    ```

    In lines 3-9, we configure a basic Databricks Table data node with the id
    "historical_temperature". The data node will point to the Databricks table 
    "hist_temp". Its *scope* is by default `SCENARIO`. The profile to be used is
    "default" profile with the cluster id is "0123-456789-dbscluster2". The exposed
    type of this data node will be the default value "spark".

    In lines 11-17, we configure another Databricks Table data node with the identifier
    log_history". It uses the default `SCENARIO` scope again. The Databricks table name is
    "hist_log". The profile and cluster id are similar to the previous Databricks Table data
    node config. The *exposed_type* provided is "polars".
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we add one or two lines explaining the usage is the same as a normal data node. 
read/write/append, etc... Why not a short example.

What do you think?

    and writing to the table.<br/>
- _**exposed_type**_ indicates the data type returned when reading the data node (more
    examples of reading from a Databricks Table data node with different *exposed_type* are available
    in the [read/write a data node](data-node-usage.md#databricks-table) documentation):
        - By default, *exposed_type* is "spark", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Spark DataFrame (`pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "pandas", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Pandas DataFrame (`pandas.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "numpy", the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a NumPy array (`numpy.ndarray`) when executing the read method.
        - If the *exposed_type* provided is "polars", and the data node reads the Databricks table
            as a Polars DataFrame (`polars.DataFrame`) when executing the read method.

To configure a Databricks SQL data node, use the `configure_databricks_sql_data_node` method:

> 

Reviewer: Should we put the following part in an admonition?

```suggestion
!!! example

```

comments=false
%}
```

In lines 33-41, we configure a basic Databricks SQL data node with the id "historical_temperature".
The data node will use the query "SELECT * FROM hist_temp" to read data from Databricks database.
It will use "build_hist_temp_write_query" function and "build_hist_temp_append_query" function
to build the write and append queries to write and append data to Databricks database.
Its *scope* is by default `SCENARIO`. The profile to be used is "default" profile with the cluster id is
"0123-456789-dbscluster2". The exposed type of this data node will be the default value "spark".

In lines 33-41, we configure a basic Databricks SQL data node with the id "historical_log".
The data node will use the query "SELECT * FROM hist_log" to read data from Databricks database.
It will use "build_hist_log_write_query" function and "build_hist_log_append_query" function
to build the write and append queries to write and append data to Databricks database.
Its *scope* is by default `SCENARIO`. The profile to be used is "default" profile with the cluster id is
"0123-456789-dbscluster2". The exposed type of this data node will be the default value "polars".

> 

Reviewer: Can we add one or two lines explaining the usage is the same as a normal data node. 
read/write/append, etc... Why not a short example.

What do you think?
